all right this is a video of just into
stuff I'm working on a trains
this right here is a proud one of the
tabletop projects based I've activity it
seems
Finley's have much right now completely
for out
I think it's pretty well
just like the other continents it's just
very real estate we're gonna add a lot
of structure mess around the track to
get the curves right but I like it so
far
all right this part here is actually
this steel mill out route from before
but friends kind of messed up so I lost
it actually gonna remake it but I'm
kinda making it better this time to use
up for detailed track
this time it also be
but that city wasting the same
alright finally these are some agents
get this one is a alcohol actually it's
not very accurate or just based off
about sport browsing on Walters and I
just kind of basic pic ago IHC engine
when I kind of like it plus it's ten
right have some larger secret post on
power s CL baggage car the next one is a
bag of confirmatory car I haven't added
the door yet to the fortunate to get the
right size want to figure how to make
one and this is a 52 C coach
the next one up here is a super
coastline at 7:00 now this one and the
GB 38 - it's up next wrong black so I'll
have to redo that and this is the GP 38
- 2 I might actually make one that's
gonna be a hot number but the first
one's gonna be just 500 these are just
based off pics away from London and this
is a supposed to be in Halton in
southern GB it's mainly just based off
the a just say I want to have just like
sheep images that I just downloaded to
get an icon so mainly service like a
test thing one of me male culturally
use this now it was kind of so I can get
to be able to look
that's about it
you